Welcome to Section 14 on file uploads.
Now this section is pretty self-explanatory.
We know how to send a basic Jason data from the client to the server and from the server to the client.
The question is how do we do this with images.
What we want to do is allow the client to upload an image to the server we want to store that image
in the database and we want the server to be able to serve it up so the client can access it later on.
Now in terms of the task manager app what we're going to do is allow users to upload a profile picture
so they'll provide an image of a specific file format.
They'll send it off to the server and we'll do a little processing on our end cropping it to fit our
needs.
We'll then store it right alongside of the user's other profile data in the database and we'll set up
a way for the client to be able to access that image when it needs to.
All right.
Let's jump right in and talk about file uploads.
In no J.S..